Changelog 5.59.2 (#2329)
sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- added tooltips to resource access modes [#2300](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/issues/2300)
- added UI option to control ApplyElevateCreateProcessFix [#2302](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/issues/2302)
- added message 2226 if a process needs 'ApplyElevateCreateProcessFix=y'

### Changed
- moved Restrictions tab from the new Security page back to the General page

### Fixed
- fixed wrong button captions in the breakout process page
- fixed issue with saving box recovery options
- fixed the display problem of SandMan [#2306](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/pull/2306) (thanks okrc)
- fixed theme not auto-changing [#2307](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/pull/2307)

> - fixed issue with saving SandMan window state on windows shutdown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fixed issue with saving SandMan window state on Windows shutdown
```

- fixed miscellaneous minor issues [#2301](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/issues/2301)
- fixed issue with Microsoft Edge introduced in 106.x [#2325](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/issues/2325)
- fixed Vivaldi hooking issue, UseVivaldiWorkaround is no longer needed [#1783](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/issues/1783)

> - fixed issues with misc advanced options page [#2315](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/issues/2315)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fixed issues with miscellaneous tab on the advanced options page [#2315](https://github.com/sandboxie-plus/Sandboxie/issues/2315)
```
